All right.
Why don't we start with the basics that we already have covered all through our discourse.
But it's kind of important starting point.
So let's say within the age the amount we're going to say there's going to be heading and I'm going
to purposely name them exactly the same.
Just so we can kind of see the difference.
So I'm going to say there's going to be heading one with an idea of heading and I'm going to call this
I am I.D. heading so extremely simple and we'll get a copy and paste this line and we're going to write
that not there's going to be heading with an I.D..
There is going to be instead of glass and here we can just write a last hearing again just so we can
see that there's obviously going to be a difference with selections.
And you know what last but not least let's add a little tiny paragraph with a hello world in it.
So far so good.
Now what's happening in the CSI as we already know what basic selectors we can use.
So let's say if want to select them all I can just say selection of all and we're going to be looking
for the color red now all of them are going to be with a color red.
We can also select the 80 and I can say for the I.D. I would want one.
Well first of all I would need to have the hash tag then I would need the name of the I.D. and then
let's add maybe different font size 40 pixels is gonna be good enough.
Then we have text transform property also.
So let's transform it to uppercase.
So this is gonna be my upper case dude.
And you know what.
Let's change the color.
So here we would like to change the color.
And we already know that there is gonna be specificity.
So even though we selected all the elements and added color red since this is more specific we are overriding
the property value that we had with a less specific selector.
Now we can also use the class.
And again this would be the difference that if with an idea we had a hashtag with class we always need
to use the dot.
And even though they're named the same they're going gonna perform the completely opposite because we're
gonna be adding different styles here.
So let's say font size is gonna be instead 20 pixels.
So this is going to be simple.
Then text transform going to be looking for the capitalization as well as let's add the color green.
And again more specific.
So we will gonna be up overwriting this whatever value we had with universal selective.
Now last but not least we had the element selector where we can just write a letter spacing it is gonna
be I don't know 20 pixels.
Again basics that we have covered but it's important to keep them in mind.
So just in case we wouldn't forget them.